Updating wording for contacting support (#1045)
codatio/codat-docs: docs/integrations/commerce/overview.md

<IntegrationsList sourceType="commerce"/>

> `Subscription data` - _Contact your account manager or raise a ticket with our support team through [this form](https://codat.zendesk.com/hc/en-gb/requests/new) to access these integrations._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Subscription data` - _Contact your account manager or raise a ticket with our support team through the [support request form](https://codat.zendesk.com/hc/en-gb/requests/new) to access these integrations._
```
